Which two elements in the card details modal, require code that is not based on 'text input'?
Expire year, Expire month

What is the purpose of checking the Stripe account balance, after a test purchase?
To verify payment functionality

The code to set the tax rate, is added to which file?
config

How is Composer software used in the Stripe payment system?
To install API files

True or False - The values for online Stripe payments are set before the API key data is obtained from the Stripe account.
False

To create a new .php file, you right-click on which folder in the image? Click on the folder to select it.
Tutorial

True or False - In this course the code for the Close, Back and Checkout buttons located in the modal footer, were written in the stripe.php file.
False

When you click on the Checkout button in the Shopping Cart, it opens a new modal. In which PHP file, is the code for this written?
cart.php

Query is used for which part of the modals?
Click buttons

True or False - In this course the config.php file was created to define the tax, currency and payment options. The defined tax rate and currency, depends on what you choose to set.
True

Arrange the information on the 'Thank You!' page, in the order that it appears (top to bottom):
Amount charged
Receipt has been emailed
Print this page
Receipt number
Shipping address


FILL-IN-THE-BLANK: The 'sanitize' function, prevents users from entering _______ characters into fields, e.g. a character other than the @ symbol, for email addresses. Choose one option:
illegal

TRUE OR FALSE: The Atom editor includes auto-suggestion and auto-correction features.
True

True or False - The API libraries in Stripe are accessed by clicking on the 'Documentation' button and then the 'Development' option.
True

TRUE OR FALSE: The code for each Shipping Address field is the same. Therefore, it can be copied and the names updated.
True

TRUE OR FALSE: You can't manually set or change the tax rate and currency, for the shopping cart in the .php file.
False

What is the primary reason for having a 'Thank You!' page, on an e-commerce website?
To confirm order details

What does 'removeone', in the update_cart.php code refer to?
Product




